what's up y'all my name is mike tinoco i
go by each from California representing
the vowel movement than beatboxing
seriously for about five years perform
regularly in San Francisco all over the
Bay Area well ever since I was a little
kid I heard Michael Winslow from the
police academy movies but I didn't get
serious till I heard roselyn scratch
from the roots then of course once i
start getting into it I heard like Kenny
Mohammed our DOA I heard kid beyond also
human beatbox calm played a real crucial
role because that was just like a big
network yeah James are always fun just
whether it's a cipher on the street or
in front of the hotel or it's here on
stage I'm always up for a jam see that's
the thing with battling you don't know
what to expect the person who you're
going against could just bring something
you're not even ready for in fact he
could do something that I'm about to do
I just gotta work off of what he's given
me I mean I guess that's just like
there's always an a competitive aspects
of everything I'm not up for battling if
it's about bringing people down or like
ruining someone's career and just really
like hurting somebody it's just it's for
fun you know no biting I can't stand
beat boxing with someone if they're just
biting I try to keep my style as
versatile as versatile as possible
I just I try to use a lot of breath
control a lot of just different genres
of beats you know I try to do anything
hip-hop you know whatever I like doing
scratches
people know me for that snare since i've
started beatbox and i've had a greater
appreciation for music and I've listened
to a lot more genres of music I mean
listen to a lot of ambient music a lot
of soul music classical music everything
I also use like digital effects with my
routines at times just that really
enables me to explore and just touch
other boundaries that no one's really
experimented with you know people are
looking to me looking at me more is like
an artist instead of just a beatboxer
which is cool and right now my my goal
is just I would love to start doing
tours it's rocking bigger better shows
you know yeah I'm connected with other
people throughout America kid lucky in
New York very you know very heavily
involved with beatbox and he's opened a
lot of doors for me he's given me a lot
of opportunities in San Francisco I mean
there I mean there could be be boxers
we've never even heard of but beat
boxers at the vowel movement I mean
there's different acts every month it's
always someone different and I'd say we
got about you know 20 maybe 30 different
beatbox you should come and go and it's
great because it's people see something
different every time I just want to give
a big shout out to all my all my people
with the vowel movement California
beatboxer entertainment beatbox battle
networks human beatbox calm and all the
beat boxers all over the world doing
anything just keep doing it a trap
what's up y'all this one's for beatbox
battle net networks